readme.md, before:

# pilotfish

I needed to figure out how to attach a child window to the side of
a PySimpleGUI-based program's main window.  In the process of working
that out, I got side-tracked by this little time-waster.

Grab and move the shark, and the pilotfish follows (or leads --
depending on which of three possible relative positions is randomly
selected at run time.)  

Right-click on the shark and choose **Exit** to close the program.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/therden/pilotfish/raw/master/images/Screenshot_Linux.png "Pilotfish and blue shark")

The above screenshot is from Windows OS, in which only the fishes will be visible (the windows that containing their images are transparent.) Neither Linux nor, I believe, Mac OS supports that TCL feature, so they'll display each fish in its own rectangular blue window. (So wait... Windows is *cooler*?!?)

Right-click on the shark and choose **Add another pair** to propagate another
shark and her pilotfish pal.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/therden/pilotfish/raw/master/images/Screenshot_Windows.jpg "Blue sharks and pilotfishes")

I'm probably done fooling with this, but

### Maybe/Someday...
* Auto-pilot mode -- shark and pilotfish move without intervention
* Pilotfish occasionally changes its position relative to shark within session

Commit message:

Update readme.md to reflect new right-click options.

readme.md, after:

# pilotfish

I needed to figure out how to attach a child window to the side of
a PySimpleGUI-based program's main window.  In the process of working
that out, I got side-tracked by this little time-waster.

Grab and move the shark, and the pilotfish follows (or leads --
depending on which of three possible relative positions is randomly
selected at run time.)  

Right-click on the shark and choose **Exit** to close the program.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/therden/pilotfish/raw/master/images/Screenshot_Linux.png "Pilotfish and blue shark")

The screenshots on this page are from Windows OS, in which only the fishes will be visible (the windows that containing their images being transparent.) Neither Linux nor, I believe, Mac OS supports that TCL feature, so they will display each fish in its own rectangular blue window. (So, wait... Windows is *cooler*?!?)

Right-click on the shark and choose **Add another pair** to propagate another
shark and her pilotfish pal.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/therden/pilotfish/raw/master/images/Screenshot_Windows.jpg "Blue sharks and pilotfishes")

If you get carried away and suddenly experience a *too much fish* feeling, jst right-click and choose **Close all** to send them away.

That's it!

I'm probably done fooling with this, but

### Maybe/Someday...
* Auto-pilot mode -- shark and pilotfish move without intervention
* Pilotfish occasionally changes its position relative to shark within session
